Add sysobjectid to snmprec (#6829)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/tutorials/snmp/profiles.md

$ touch snmp/tests/compose/data/hp_ilo4.snmprec
```

> Then add a line there to specify the `sysobjectid` and another one for the OID listed in the profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add lines to the `.snmprec` file to specify the `sysobjectid` and the OID listed in the profile:
```
